Hey, good morning family. Praise the Lord. Thank you for joining me today.
I have some things on my heart because I've been praying about everything that the Lord has been showing me in the spirit.
I have such an urgency in my spirit about the 10th of January, to pray over the 10th of January.
I started going over things in my spirit, just rolling things over, just driving around today, praying in the spirit and asking the Lord, "What is it?
What's going on right now?"And the Lord came up with this: "Why is all this happening?"This is the question that I was asking him, but this is the answer he gave back to me.
"Why is all this happening, Lord? What is going on?"And he said, "Brandon, I've already showed you.
You are out of time."Why are all the terrorist attacks happening?
Why are things happening in New Orleans? The bottom line is we wrestle not against flesh and blood, folks.
What is it that the enemy sees and has such an urgency to attack this man? Is it that he is some kind of amazing leader?
Yeah, he's a good leader, I believe, but there's more to it in the spirit realm of what's going on. The Lord said to me, "I'm just like Kim Clement even said.
He is going to be a David."But I want you to go back with me to some of the videos I've given in the past, because the Lord's bringing those videos and words up in me, and they're rolling around in me.
When I told you I saw back from Rosh Hashanah—and I know I probably butchered that again because Sid said, "Brandon, I'm going to teach you how to speak this better.
Say Rosh Hashanah,"I believe is how he said to say it—the Lord told me when I saw the devil saying, "Time is up.
Adam's lease is up, and you must begin the seven-year tribulation."He said because the time was up.
I saw this back in October whenever I heard the devil petition the Lord saying, "It's time.
Now is my time to have my seven years."And I saw the Lord say, "I control time, Satan."And I saw him say, "All I need is a sliver of time, for a day is as a thousand years to me, and a thousand years is as a day."And he said, "All I need is nanoseconds, just fractions of a second."And in that fraction of a second, he could stretch out that much time to have a revival.
Do you see that? He showed me before I saw Jesus over America and I saw the Antichrist agenda coming because the enemy, the devil, was pushing so hard to stir this up and get this kicked off because he's ready for the seven-year tribulation to take as many people to hell with him as he can.
I saw the Lord Jesus Christ standing over America and he said to me, "Brandon, who will stand in the gap for America?
Who will intercede for America?"As I was looking out over America, I could see a massive storm that was coming, and I could see the Antichrist spirit trying to come on America.
But the Lord was giving America a reprieve for a four-year window.
Most people say, "Well, I see it past four years,"but I've only seen four years.
I saw that it would go into the next Shemitah cycle, which is until 2028, that we would have a four-year reprieve, a window to bring in a harvest.
That's why Donald Trump was so important for the American people—that we would have a window for a great harvest.
Yes, there will be great shakings. You say, "Shakings still?"Yes, it's my word. Great shakings will come.
A major shaking will come in the next four years, and we will see a financial harvest from the wealth of the wicked.
I told you presents were coming, that God said he was going to honor his church, the people who are awake.
So many things will take place in the next four years. But with that Antichrist agenda, the Lord's saying, "Who will intercede?
Who will stand in the gap?"That's what he said: "Brandon, go on YouTube and I want you to do this even more.
Pray. Have a prayer channel. You will be known for prayer on the internet."And that's what I'm doing, folks.
I'm bringing it throughout the whole world. I started my Asian channels.
I've got my Japan channel, my South Korea channel, my China channel, Vietnam, Philippines, Russia.
The Lord said, "Take it down to South America."We are at a place right now where we're expanding as fast as we can, and we're excited about what God has commissioned us to do.
My son is working very hard with my wife translating the videos and getting them out there.
Every one of those channels, if you're new here, is almost over 10,000 apiece.
So we're excited to see the growth and the people coming in. But there is a major word that I'm about to deliver. I want you to listen to this word right here.
This is me prophesying in my private time, which I don't ever allow people to hear because it's what I'm getting directly from the Father, and my son and wife are recording them as I go.
I want you to listen to this word right here of me prophesying over North Korea and what's about to take place in South Korea and North Korea, and see what God is going to do in Asia.
As you see Donald Trump crack his whip, he will tame even Kim Jong Un, the little Pillsbury Doughboy. "I'm going to humble him.
He has been in the way too long, and I will humble him,"he says, "for he has persecuted my people, and I will humble him."In a matter of time, I will crumble him, for he is a stench to me for what he has done.
"For my anger is turned toward thee, Kim Jong Un."Oh, he is very angry about this man.
But it's not just him by himself; it's the whole dynasty of it.
It will fall like dominoes, and I will bring freedom to my people, for he will be taken out. His days are numbered.
Even as you see him be eliminated, I will take out his sister, for she is just as much of a tyrant.
There will be a crumbling of the infrastructure within, and you will see great chaos.
I see the buildings falling. I see the kingdom falling, and I see the people being liberated.
I see a liberation coming to North Korea, for this vast wall will be broken and my gospel will spread throughout North Korea, for they are not forgotten.
And the Iron Curtain, this demonic curtain, I hear him say, will be coming down within a day.
So pray, pray, pray, for there will be great—I see the missionaries going in.
They will try to hold it. I see the army and the military trying to hold it back.
As you see this fall, I see the dynasty falling. But then the military tries to rise up to keep it in order.
There are generals trying to keep it from becoming chaos. You see chaos all over.
They're trying to keep the peace, people suppressed, still saying, "Oh no, we've got to find another leader,"because they don't want to lose their heritage and dynasty as they're trying to maintain it.
I see the Red Dragon. They're calling to China for help because they're similar.
I see them calling after China, but there will be a freedom and a liberty that flows in this timeframe.
Wasn't that powerful? Praise the Lord. I have great expectation for what God is about to do all throughout Asia, and you should too.
I'm telling you, we have never seen before on this earth what's about to take place throughout the nations, all throughout Africa, Asia, and Europe.
All throughout America, the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen is about to take place. The Lord has given us a reprieve.
So you want to say, "Why is all this happening?"Because the enemy knows if he can try to stop President Trump and bring in the far left, he can try to diminish the revival, trying to delay and hinder what God is wanting to do.
Yes, God is ultimate power, but he works through you and I. If we take this gospel throughout the whole world, the only Jesus people will see is the Jesus in you and the Jesus in me.
He uses us, ladies and gentlemen, to take this gospel. And if the devil tries to kill, steal, and destroy, he's trying to delay and hinder this.
That's when I saw that massive serpent coming up out of the Gulf of Mexico with the Leviathan spirit, trying to wrap around America and pull it tight and suffocate it. It is very important that we use our authority.
That's when Jesus was there and he told me, "Brandon, you must use your authority in these last days and pray with this group of people."That's why you will have a million-person prayer warrior army coming on here on a day-to-day basis, praying and interceding for the nations.
There will be great favor and anointing on this channel to bring forth that prayer network to change governments.
That's why I'm praying against Justin Trudeau to have him removed in the name of Jesus, that his time is up being the Prime Minister, and that you'll have a God-fearing person over Canada to bring forth the harvest from shore to shore.
So we're going to intercede for America today. We're going to pray for President Trump and the 10th.
All like what I said, you see what I've told you about these golf courses, him playing golf and people trying to get him from the air while playing—it's very serious to pray against this stuff.
I told you all we have ten cities. Everybody's like, "What are the cities?"I'm just telling you there're ten cities with 100 men per thing.
I want to show you when I told you there are hundreds of millions of dollars being funneled into this, it wasn't just about one van or one dump truck.
I want you to think 50. If you took two men per van or two men per truck, that's 50 vehicles and 50 different scenarios.
Folks, it's much bigger than what I think you are comprehending. This is a major potential attack upon the American people.
The Lord Jesus Christ stood over America and he said to me, pointing his finger just like this: "Who will stand in the gap for America?
Who will intercede for America? I'm not done with America."Do you understand?
It's our job as the body of Christ to pray against the plans of the devil.
It's our job to stand as the watchmen on the wall, interceding and saying, "Thus far, Satan, and no further.
You will not touch us anymore."And we plead the blood over our leadership, over our president, over the vice president, over his cabinet, his family, over Elon Musk, and over all of it.
We intercede for our nation, over our churches, over mass shootings, and all of it.
We pray a hedge of protection and that these people would be brought to justice quickly in the name of Jesus. That's what we're going to do.
I'm trying to give you a brief summary to stir you up, to tell you we have authority and we're not going to lie down and let the devil rob us of what God has called us to do.
But we've got to get a backbone, folks, like a crowbar. Say, "I'm not moved by what I see or what I feel.
I'm only moved by what the Word of God says."And he says, "Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world."A thousand shall fall at our side and ten thousand at our right hand, but it will not come nigh us.
I just had an urgency even about this. People say, "You freak me out about the plague."The Bible told us.
Can we stop a plague? I do not believe in my heart, when I read the Word, it says there'll be plagues and pestilence.
These things will come. There'll be wars, rumors of wars, earthquakes in diverse places.
Jesus prophesied this and said it would come to pass. So what do we do with a plague? Did COVID get stopped by our prayers?
I believe COVID had its way and it stopped whenever it was supposed to stop in the spirit realm.
We interceded for over two years and we could see it was trying to lock down things, but was that part of what Jesus said was going to take place? It was.
Whenever he said there will be plagues and pestilence, and there'll be more than one—it was plural, it was more than one—so we will see more coming because the Bible said it was going to come.
So it's not "Chicken Little, the sky is falling."What does that mean for you?
If there's another plague coming, do we get in fear? No, we don't.
Why? Because greater is he that is in us than he that is in the world. We are more than conquerors through him that loved us.
A thousand shall fall at our side and ten thousand at our right hand, but it won't come nigh us.
Why did I tell you that the Lord said, "Brandon, in the days ahead, there are very dark days for some, and the only way you will survive what's coming is understanding the power and the authority of the name of Jesus."You will not stop this without the power and understanding who you are in Christ, taking communion daily.
Why? Because the believer is covered by the blood of Jesus, and no weapon formed against you will prosper.
He's trying to tell me you're not going to stop the plague because my Word said it was coming in the end times. This is the beginning of sorrows.
When it is the beginning of sorrows, you're not going to stop the sorrows because the Bible said they would come.
But what does that mean for you? I'm not going to participate in it.
That means we have a covenant with an almighty God that protects us by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of our testimony.
He said they must have Psalm 91 and Psalm 23 deep down in their heart for what's coming because the Word will set you free.
Having a revelation knowledge of Psalm 91 and Psalm 23 is the only thing, because he said, "If ye abide in me and my words abide in you, ye shall ask what ye will and it shall be done."That's what the Word of God says.
That means if Psalm 91 and Psalm 23 are in your heart, no weapon formed against you is going to prosper.
So I don't care how many people the plague has affected—the unbeliever—this is what's going to draw people like bugs to a light when they see that you are rising and shining, for the light has come and the glory of the Lord is risen upon you.
That's what's going to draw them in. They're going to say, "How is it light in Canaan?
How is it so dark everywhere else?"I believe the body of Christ right now is a type and shadow of the children of Israel—that we will be light in Canaan while gross darkness was in Egypt, so much so that the darkness was tangible and you could feel it.
That's what's going to happen in the world. I told you it would be like a quarter: you can focus on the darkness or you can focus on the light.
Either way, you don't have to participate in it. So we don't fear a plague coming.
We don't fear a massive economic crisis because the Bible told us these things would shake this earth as a last call. We are at the point of no return.
What is going to get the people's attention is when they see you and I walking in the glorious outpouring of his spirit and they say, "Wow, what is going on over there?"What makes us stand out in these last days is the anointing.
Right now we have a window to bring in the harvest with signs and wonders.
I saw him petitioning that "Adam's lease is over,"and I saw the enemy slithering as quickly as he could, whispering in the Pope's ear and the Antichrist's ear, who I told you I believe is MBS.
Then on Christmas Day we hear the Pope say they are going to open up five portals or doors.
I think, folks, this isn't coincidence. We're right there.
It's like one domino after another falling into place because Jesus Christ is coming.
He's standing at the door listening for his Father's instruction, saying, "Go and get my bride."I believe we're right there, and I want to encourage you to get excited about what God is going to do with you in the marketplace, in Walmart or Target, at the mall or the gas station.
God says, "Do this,"and signs are going to follow you. You'll say, "God showed up and showed off in your life today."So let's get busy about the Father's business.
We're going to pray over the 10th and over Donald Trump. We're going to pray over this judge, and that the Supreme Court would overrule anything that's being done.
Let's take communion first. Father, I thank you for your divine presence. Holy Spirit, we lift up this body and all our needs.
There're so many people with so many needs today who are desperate and hungry for a touch from Jesus.
They're scared about what they're seeing on the news, but the Bible says to cast all your cares upon him, for he cares for you.
Take no thought for tomorrow. We know that God loves us. You said in your Word that you have a perfect plan for us and an expected end.
We believe we're always in the right place at the right time. Holy Spirit, help us hear you more clearly.
We thank you as we take this body in the name of Jesus, that all needs are met.
According to Galatians, Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law.
He already became sickness for you so that we don't have to take it in our body.
I believe it's a time like never before for us to walk in divine health.
We take this body and thank you, Lord—this is the meal that heals, and by his stripes we are healed today. Now we thank you for the blood.
You said if we confess our sins, you are faithful and just to forgive us and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
We take this blood and we make much of the blood. We apply the blood of Jesus over us, that no weapon formed against us is going to prosper.
I believe I receive divine protection over my wife, my children, and myself. Every tongue that rises against us, we condemn it.
It says a curse without a cause cannot stand, and I believe there's no cause because I'm under your blood.
It's not about what I did; it's about what he did. He covered me and made me born again.
He said he took our sins as far as the east is from the west and doesn't remember them. So we thank you that we're under the blood.
You've got to stand underneath his mighty hand, for under his wings shall you trust.
He is our defender, provider, healer, and savior. What can wash away my sin?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus. It's by the blood of Jesus that I'm redeemed.
I take this blood right now in Jesus'name. Thank you, Lord. We enter in and worship you.
We take the care out of our prayer today; we're not begging, we are believing.
Everything you set out to do was finished on the cross. That blood covers us and made us white as snow.
Holy Spirit, have your own way. You are the potter, I am the clay.
Mold me and make me. We yield to you, Holy Spirit. We give you praise and glory.
Peace, wonderful peace, coming down from the Father above, sweep over my spirit.
We tap into that peace today. I keep vertical and keep my eyes upon my Father.
In you, I have everything I ever need. Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, there's just something about that name.
Master, Savior, Jesus, like a fragrance after the rain. Kings and kingdoms will all pass away, but there's something about your name.
We trust you, Father. I'm not even worried that I might not make it through, because I trust you.
I know you love me. You'll never let me down. We are not moved by what is going on; we're moved by what your Word says.
We're stopping the fires before they start. Father, I keep myself centered with you.
We glorify your name in all the earth. Oh, what a sweet Father you are.
Lord, you're not surprised by any of it. Peace like a river, sweep over my spirit forever.
You've got to come up higher and pray from his throne by taking all this junk off of you—all the bags and cares of life weighing you down.
You've got to take the care out of your prayer. I have to practice this all the time. God is not moved by your need; he is moved by your faith.
Find a scripture that pertains to what you are believing God for and use that in your prayer.
Father, right now in the name of Jesus, I know what you've said about America and you're not done with it.
We lift up President Trump and the things coming against him—the false accusations—and we bind you, Satan, in the name of Jesus.
Cease and desist in your maneuvering against our president. Get your hands off of God's man.
Father, I thank you that there is a mighty angelic host warring in behalf of President Trump.
Get your hand off of our nation, for we intercede for the nations of this world, from Canada to Mexico to Europe to Asia.
We say we will have one last revival, one last harvest of souls like this world has never seen. The Lord Jesus Christ will have his way.
We will have the greatest outpouring and manifestations of glory like we've never seen before.
We decree and declare that we will see this now in Jesus'name.
Now, this judge in New York—we bind that spirit maneuvering in him right now causing havoc and torment.
You cease and desist. You stop trying to cause drama on the 10th. We will have the Supreme Court rise up and squash this plan.
Father, I thank you that you humble these judges and these people who are evil.
We thank you for divine protection and healing over our nation.
Father, there will be no demonic spirit that takes out our president. We hold the blood over Inauguration Day.
I thank you that the 6th this time will go smoothly without people acting out.
There will be a covering over our capital and there will not be any January 6th weirdness.
I plead the blood of Jesus over this nation. The terrorist attacks that I've seen—we say you are brought to justice.
You are found in the vans, the semi-trucks, and the dump trucks.
Your plans will fall apart and there will be confusion in the terrorist camp.
You will not be successful in anything trying to kill, steal, and destroy.
Father, we pray over President Trump's family and over him as he plays golf—that no drones or secret stealth drones come nigh him.
We plead the blood over every border. We hold the blood of Jesus over every person trying to cross, and just like Ananias and Sapphira, if it need be, they'll fall over.
They will not touch our nation. We rise up spiritually like Davids and slay that giant.
I thank you, Lord, for protection over our land, over football games, national championships, and the Super Bowl.
Divine protection is over major sporting events, movie theaters, and megachurches.
We plead the blood over every congregation—Baptists, Methodists, Catholics—every denomination. We cover them in the blood.
We thank you for divine restoration over America and for the angels pairing away and putting a guard around President Trump.
Every dark thing will be exposed by the light. The fertilizer will be found; the FBI, CIA, and Homeland Security will find any plot of the wicked.
You are raising up men and women of God in these agencies who know how to hear your voice.
Even the ones not born again will hear you and find the plots.
I thank you for covering this nation. There are still great things to come.
We thank you that no plague comes nigh us and that we're always in the right place at the right time.
We plead the blood over the 10th, the 9th, 8th, and all the way to the 20th. Your divine protection is over Inauguration Day.
Father, we pray over Canada and thank you that Justin Trudeau's days are numbered.
They will have a godly leader bringing conservative thinking back over Canada, and there will be a major revival there.
You are no respecter of persons, so bring change to their nation and over Europe for a great move of the spirit.
We pray for every believer here, that they are healed and whole.
Their marriages are strong and their wayward children are called in.
Satan, get your hands off these kids and unsaved loved ones.
There will be a radical move of salvation where blinded eyes open, deaf ears hear, and the paralyzed get up out of wheelchairs.
I believe for a divine outflow of the spirit over all of Asia.
The communistic spirit will be broken and the Iron Curtain will come down in Jesus'name.
We call forth these governments trying to hold back the move of God; Father, move them out and expose the darkness.
We receive everything you have for us. Now, I believe in the baptism of the Holy Spirit.
Acts Chapter 2 says he filled them to overflow and they began to speak with other tongues.
I believe we have that gift today. I'm going to pray in the spirit for a little while and see if the Lord shows me anything.
Father, we're open vessels. I thank you that you pray through me. That's interesting.
I just saw someone being tormented in their mind, and the Lord is setting you free from that demonic spirit right now.
Be free from hearing voices and the things tormenting you. I saw a demonic spirit wrapped around a void.
Get off of their mind now in Jesus'name. I see Las Vegas again—the pyramid building with the fountains in the front.
What about that hotel, Lord? Now I see an Eiffel Tower. It's about the people walking on the streets again.
Now I'm on Rodeo Drive in Beverly Hills. It's the hotel there.
It's about the spirit of pride and lust—the lust after things.
This is attacking greed and lust and how they're choosing locations.
It's about Rodeo Drive where the real wealthy are—a sign of greed and covetousness.
I was taken across to New York, to a beautiful high-rise on Central Park Avenue.
These are expensive condos. It looks like a glass building with a view of the park—it's a Trump building.
It's about a humbling of finances. There's a jealous spirit behind it, trying to take down the American dream.
And just like that, now I'm in Miami on the beach, and now Orlando and Disney.
These are major tourist landmarks and big gatherings of people. Jesus, Jesus. We plead the blood.
We thank you that we see what is to come and that we hear your voice.
Back to the MGM Grand, the Bellagio, and the fountains. It's about the cars again.
The thing about Disney is you can't get close with a car; you have to ride that monorail.
I'm seeing a suicide vest again. So we call these people discovered and uncovered.
We thank you that people are protected from vests and shooters at the MGM, the Bellagio, and the Delano.
At the Beverly Wilshire on Rodeo, the hotel at the end, it's a landmark.
I see the New York building—the Trump building on Central Park. I just saw the Statue of Liberty and what it represents.
These people's minds are so deceived that they're trying to take down a symbol to make a statement.
But the glory of the Lord shall rise. We could stay in that vein for a long time, but we'll take a pause.
The Lord keeps revealing more. This is a period of time to pray over the whole year—it's not all at once.
They've been planning this for a long time. I said they will strike and strike.
These are planned events to keep people in a state of fear. What about Europe?
What about France? I see the Eiffel Tower again. There's more about France and Europe to uncover.
London Bridge is falling down—we call all hidden things to be revealed in London.
We pray over Italy. Rome and the Vatican—the landmarks and major churches.
Father, you cover these nations. Italy—I thank you that all hidden things be revealed.
I see the Vatican and the massive Notre Dame. They're trying to make a statement.
I appreciate you all praying with me today. There's more about Europe, but many hands make light work.
Thousands of us are believing together that we are changing things in the name of Jesus.
Everyone say, "Amen."We have the ability to call those things that be not as though they were.
Thank you for joining me. We'll be back tomorrow; I've heard "emergency call"up until the 10th.
If you're new here, this is my assignment. Like and subscribe to spread this gospel throughout the world.
Keep a smile on your face and a song in your heart. God bless you all, and we'll see you again soon.
Glory to God. Thank you, Jesus, for the manifestation of what we're praying for.
2024 is gone and now we reach for 2025. We thank you, Lord, that we will thrive. Amen, amen, amen. Glory, glory, glory.